DOCS-3797: Modernize the Micro-RDK platform (#4212)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/reference/components/board/esp32.md

### PWM signals on `esp32` pins

You can set PWM frequencies with Viam through the [`GPIOPin` API](/dev/reference/apis/components/board/#api).

> Refer to the [Espressif documentation for valid frequencies and duty resolutions](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/api-reference/peripherals/ledc.html#supported-range-of-frequency-and-duty-resolutions).

Reviewer: I think this should be to the `v5.4` docs: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/release-v5.4/esp32/api-reference/peripherals/ledc.html

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Espressif documentation for valid frequencies and duty resolutions](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/release-v5.4/esp32/api-reference/peripherals/ledc.html#supported-range-of-frequency-and-duty-resolutions).
```

> Refer to the [Espressif documentation for valid frequencies and duty resolutions](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/release-v5.4/esp32/api-reference/peripherals/ledc.html#supported-range-of-frequency-and-duty-resolutions).

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Espressif documentation for valid frequencies and duty resolutions](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/v5.4/esp32/api-reference/peripherals/ledc.html#supported-range-of-frequency-and-duty-resolutions).
```
